[MUSIC PLAYING]
MALE SPEAKER: Hey there,
polycasters, Rob here.
Welcome back to Ask
Polymer, the show where
you send in your hashtag
questions and we answer them.
Our first question
today comes from Frank
who asks, "Will the designer
tool be back in Polymer 1.0?"
That's a great question.
A lot of people have
asked me about it.
You might remember the designer
from some of our older talks.
It was originally built as
kind of a proof of concept
of what you could possibly
do with web components.
The original designer
was never really
a production-ready thing.
I'm happy to say, though,
that in 1.0 we are working
on designer 2, if you will.
But when I've asked the team
for the ETA, all they said was,
it'll be a long time.
So we're working on it.
We're going to make it an
actual production-ready thing,
but it might take a
while for it to come out.
So thank you, Frank, for
sending in that question.
All right.
Our next question
comes from Dominic,
who asks, "Can you talk a little
bit about the Safari support
for Polymer?"
So that's a really
great question.
What's recently happened
is the Webkit folks
have announced that they've
just landed support for Shadow
DOM in Webkit Nightly.
So you can check out
this blog post over here
to read more about that.
What that means
is Polymer should,
in the very near future, start
running a lot faster in Safari
when that finally ships
in their stable version.
So hopefully things are going to
be improving there really soon.
Thanks for that really
awesome question, Dominic.
All right, our
next question comes
from Robrez who asks, "Can
I create a data binding
imperatively?"
So that's a really
interesting question.
It's one that a few people
have sent me on Twitter.
I asked the team
about this and they
said that, even
though this is kind
of an often requested
feature, it's
not something that's currently
supported in Polymer.
And when asked why, they
said, mainly because they
want to focus on
polishing the core
features before adding any
additional fanciness like that.
So for the moment,
that's not supported.
Not saying it won't be supported
someday, but at the moment,
no, you have to do
everything declaratively.
All right, our
next question comes
from Danny who asks,
"Should an element import
all of its dependencies, or
can you just take those imports
and put them in an
elements.html file?"
So that's a really
cool question.
And a lot of people
are confused about this
because you can put stuff
in an elements.html file,
and it'll seem like the
app continues to work.
But generally, as
a best practice,
we recommend that
any element have
all of its dependencies imported
at the top of its definition,
and mainly because this ensures
that those other elements have
loaded before your element
tries to register and use them.
People also wonder, does that
possibly impact performance.
But the way HTML
imports are written,
all of those additional imports,
even if they're duplicates,
they will actually
be de-duplicated,
so there's no performance
penalty there,
and if you're using
Vulcanize, it's
only going to add
those imports once,
and it'll do it in
the right order.
So the best practice
is always have
your elements import
their dependencies
and you should be good to go.
OK, our last question
comes from Jose, who asks,
"Can you declare styles
in an iron-media-query,
and if not, what's the point of
the iron-media-query element?"
So that's a really
good question.
I know when you first
see that element,
it's a little confusing.
You're not quite
sure how to use it.
But the idea with
iron-media-query
is that it's mainly
meant for data bindings.
So if you need to change
an attribute or a property
on some other element when your
page is at a smaller screen
size, you can do that
using that element.
This is the kind of work that
you actually can't do with CSS.
You would probably have to write
custom JavaScript to do that.
The iron-media-query
element's just
going to let you do that in
a nice, declarative fashion.
So thank you, Jose, for sending
in that really great question.
So that's it for today.
Thank you, everyone who sent
in those excellent questions.
If you yourself have a
question, you can leave it down
in the comments.
Or you can ping us on a social
network of your choosing
at #askPolymer.
As always, thank you
so much for watching,
and I'll see you next time.
Our next question
comes from Jose who
asks, can I declare styles--
[LAUGHING]
This totally impresses
them on the dance floor.
[MOANING]